ci: schema json generation ci check (#72)
open-feature/schemas: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Guidelines

Welcome!

> Please ensure you have read the [a code of conduct](https://github.com/open-feature/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure you have read the [code of conduct](https://github.com/open-feature/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing.  
```

TLDR: be respectful.

## Developing

### flagd JSON schema

The flagd JSON schema defines the json structure used within flagd for flag configurations.   

> To contribute to the schema make changes in `json/flagd-definitions.yaml`, these changes can then be reflected in `json/flagd-definitions.json` by running `make gen-schema-json`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to the schema, make changes in `json/flagd-definitions.yaml`, these changes should then be propagated to `json/flagd-definitions.json` by running `make gen-schema-json`.  
```

> Unit testing for the schema is managed through the `json/test/negative` (in which all json files must fail validation against the schema) and `json/test/positive` (in which all json files must pass).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit testing for the schema is managed through [json/test/negative](./json/test/negative) (in which all json files must fail validation against the schema) and [json/test/positive](./json/test/positive) (in which all json files must pass).
```
